ever in 1974 in Ethiopia scientists
found Lucy fossilized bones of one of
the most ancient human ancestors it was
the first proof that humankind was way
older than people used to think 5,000
years ago chopsticks in China who were
used for cooking not for eating
India has the largest postal network in
the world it has more than 100 55,000
post offices and one of them even floats
on water the United States is the
country with the biggest number of
millionaires it has 18 point 6 million
millionaires which is 40 percent of the
world's total number Indonesia is the
home to the world's largest lizard the
Komodo dragon these animals live on five
of the lesser Sunda Islands and can take
down animals larger than humans more
than 40% of the world's soccer balls are
produced in the city of Sialkot in
Pakistan in Brazil bottlenose dolphins
help Fisher's cash fish people can't see
anything in the murky waters so when
dolphins notice fish they give a signal
by diving or slapping their tails
Nigeria has its own film industry known
as Nollywood it's the second largest in
the world in terms of movie output even
though Bangladesh has a sub tropical
monsoon climate it has six seasons
instead of four
their summer rainy season fall cool
season winter and spring rushes red
square got its name from the word Krasny
which once meant beautiful in old Russia
it wasn't until later that the meaning
was changed to red the capital of Mexico
is slowly sinking into the soil it's
because the city was built in the middle
of a lake that once appeared in a
volcanic crater Japan is the country
with the biggest number of vending
machines in the world it has more than 5
million you can buy anything there from
hot coffee to umbrellas and toilet paper
the national symbol of the Philippines
is the Philippine eagle is the largest
of his kind in the world by wing surface
and length the Great Pyramid of Giza in
Egypt is the oldest of the seven wonders
of the ancient world it's also the only
one is still standing Vietnam is home to
the world's largest natural cave hang
some doom a local farmer accidentally
discovered the entrance to the cave when
he was trying to hide from heavy rain
Germany was the first country to launch
a magazine it happened in 1663 it was a
literary and philosophical addition
Turkey has tons of delicious sweets
probably the most unusual of them is
made from milk sugar cinnamon shredded
chicken meat and a few other ingredients
one of the world's oldest feline breeds
is the Persian long hair cat from Iran
Thailand's national symbol is the
elephant these days just a couple of
thousand animals are still wild others
have been domesticated the United
Kingdom requires all kinds of horse
related animals including ponies donkeys
and even zebras at zoos to have a
passport it's a small booklet or a card
that identifies the animal by its height
and species France was the first country
to start preserving food from spoiling
by canning it it happened in 1809 when a
researcher sealed some food in a glass
container and heated it to get rid of
microorganisms every year visitors throw
more than 1 million dollars in aromas
trevi fountain that's about three
thousand bucks a day the world's largest
diamond was found in South Africa in
1905 it was a 3106 carat stone called
the Cullinan it weighed as much as a
basketball people in Myanmar used tree
bark to produce a yellow paste they
apply it on their skin to protect it
from the Sun
there's an island in Kenya called lamo
their cars are banned from the general
public the inhabitants are only allowed
to travel on foot bicycles or donkey
babies in South Korea are considered
one-year-old at birth Colombia was named
after famous Italian Explorer
Christopher Columbus this country is the
world's largest producer of emeralds
Spain is home to the world's oldest
restaurant it was opened in 1725 in
Madrid by a French cook the four-story
building still has its original fire
wood oven argentina was the first
country to identify a criminal by their
fingerprints Uganda is home to more than
1070 bird species it's more than 10% of
the world's avian population Algeria's
national animal is the fennec fox which
is the smallest of all foxes the
national soccer team is also named after
this animal Sudan is home to more
pyramids than Egypt it has 200 to 250 of
these constructions while Egypt only has
138 at the most people from Poland have
received a total of 19 Nobel Prizes so
far including 4 Peace Prizes for prizes
and physics and sex in literature Canada
has seen some weird temperature
fluctuations in 1962 in Alberta the
temperature went from minus two point
two degrees to 72 degrees in just one
hour coincidentally it was the same year
the very first Hawaiian pizza was
created in the country Morocco is home
to the oldest existing University in the
world it was founded in 859
there are camel beauty pageants in Saudi
Arabia with thousands of camels taking
part of them the prize is more than
three hundred seventy thousand dollars
one of the largest open pit gold mines
in the world is a new Becca stack it's
called the MU run towel if you get a
boat tour from Caracas in the south of
Peru to a group of small islands you'll
see Penguins waddling along the
shoreline but you won't be able to set
foot on the island because of
conservation reasons the largest by area
cave chamber that we know about is in
Malaysia located on the island of Borneo
it's 30 times the size of a football
field Angola is likely to be the country
that influenced the Brazilian popular
dance samba though in Angola a similar
dance is called Samba northern and
southern territories of Ghana have
different seasons in the south the rainy
season lasts from April to June and from
September to October but in the north
the rainy season lasts from March to
mid-november Mozambique is the only one
word country in the world to feature all
five vowels Venezuela is home to the
Angel Falls the world's highest
uninterrupted waterfall during the
summer it gets so hot in that region
that the water evaporates people are
reaching the ground around 90 percent of
all the animal and plant species in
Madagascar can't be found anywhere else
on earth
because of its diverse landscapes and
climactic zones Cameroon is known as
Africa in miniature it's also home to
more than 200 languages ivory coast is
the world's largest cocoa bean producer
it produces 30 percent of cocoa for the
world's chocolate market Nazir has the
largest animal petroglyph in the world
created 7,000 to 9,000 years ago it
depicts two giraffes Nepal is the only
country in the world that doesn't have a
rectangular flag its design goes
centuries back
sri lanka is home to sigiriya rock
fortress built more than 1500 years ago
it's one of the country's most popular
tourist attractions Chile has the
world's oldest mummies some of them go
back 5,000 to 7,000 years ago in Malawi
there's a lake with the largest number
of fish species in the world it's home
to more than 1,000 closely related but
still different kinds of cichlid fish
Apple DNA analysis implies that this
fruit originated in the mountains of
Kazakhstan the Netherlands is also known
as lowlands because a large part of the
country is below sea level Cambodia is
the only country in the world with a
flag depicting a building there is an
island in Senegal with a village made
entirely of discarded clam shells
including the streets and buildings
Sweden has more than 220 1000 islands
but only about 1000 of them are
inhabited the Hungarian alphabet
consists of 44 letters and is based on
the Latin alphabet
Einstein developed his most famous mass
energy equation while living and
studying in Switzerland the Rose Valley
in Bulgaria produces half the world's
rose oil Singaporeans are some of the
fastest walkers in the world they cover
more than 60 feet in 11 seconds a quick
pace of life there
Ireland is nicknamed the Emerald Isle
because of its vast green fields but the
country has some rocky terrain as well
about 15 thousand years ago the country
was entirely covered in thick glaciers
while shifting they removed some of the
soil leaving lime stone ground behind in
Armenia children have chest lessons as
part of their school curriculum
Greece is home to the world's oldest
olive tree and it still produces olives
the tree grows in Crete and is between
2,000 and 4,000 years old
the Maldives hold the record for the
flattest country in the world its
highest elevation is 8 feet above sea
level
a Belgian artist is the only person in
the world who have their artwork on the
moon it's a small statue called the
fallen astronaut it was left there in
1971 by the commander of the Apollo 15
mission the Czech Republic is home to
hundreds of castles the number ranges
from 150 to 1,000